Welcome to the official Saster Podcast
where you can hear some of the best SAS
[music] speakers. This is where the
cloud meets
up today on [music] the Saster Podcast.
If you don't know your FTE, if you don't
know the answers to these questions and
you're spending any material amount of
money on an agent, you're wasting
[music] your energy. And so, it will be
interesting to see where it goes this
year. A lot of the agents we use um are
pushing down market to be more
self-service. So far, that doesn't work.
So far, I will say for the most part,
agents that require deep training cannot
be self-trained. It it will come. Agents
are getting so much better. That's
frontier one.
But wait and see. Be skeptical. If you
buy a cheap tool that says it's self
trained, make sure it works. And you
know the time. If you buy a more
complicated tool like we're talking
about, just talk with someone senior
enough on deployment, not again of
someone trying to sell you something
that doesn't know, and be honest about
what it's going to take. Um, otherwise
it's like going to the doctor and
getting a prescription for medicine and
never taking it. It's not going to work.
It's literally like that for an agent.
Hey Sasker, imagine having agents for
every support tab. [music] One that
triages tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn risk.
That'd be pretty amazing, right? [music]
Happy Flash just made it real with
autopilot. These pre-built AI agents
deploy in about 60 seconds and run for
as low as 2 cents per successful action.
All of it sits inside the Happy Fox
[music] omni channel AI first support
stack chatbot co-pilot and autopilot
working as one. Check them out at
happyfox.com/saster.
Hey everybody, Sastster annual will be
back May 2026, [music]
the world's largest SAS and AI gathering
for executives. Just this as last May,
we hosted 10,000 attendees with 68 VP
level and above attendees. [music] 36%
CEOs and founders and 25% were AI first
professionals. It's the very best of
STER [music] attendees and decision
makers that come to Saster Annual and AI
Summit each and every year. But here's
the reality, folks. The longer you wait,
the higher ticket prices get. They're
cheap now. They're cheap. So just get
them early. Lock in your spot today. Use
my code Jason 100 for [music] exclusive
savings. Get your tickets at podcast.s
sasterual.com or just use code Jason100
when you check out. See you there.
Saster Annual and AI Summit 2026. It
will rock.
All right, cool. So, um, yeah, to kick
things off for today, we wanted to talk
a little bit about where we're at today
with all of our agents and maybe more
importantly now that some of you have
deployed at least one agent and are
looking at doing multiple agents kind of
in the path that we've been, how what
does that really take in reality, in
fruition to do this multi- agent
management? What does that all mean?
So just for quick context, I think a lot
of you have seen this now, but just as a
refresher, we have about, you know, 20
plus agents now. We vibe coded about 12
apps. They've been used, you know,
almost a million times, which is kind of
crazy. I think we'll probably cross the
million mark before the next AI day. Um,
and so that's a lot of usage, right? And
so a lot of the things you'll see us
talking about today, we also have on
s.ai/
agents. So you can always go there at
any time and see like you know some of
either the third party tools or the
in-house ones that we've built and kind
of play around with them there.
Okay. Um so what have we learned now
that we're about you know almost
depending on how you count either eight
months or a year into this journey.
Honey, I was looking up like when we
when you joined Deli, Jason, I think it
was like December of 24, but I didn't
get on it until like February, March
time frame. So, depending on where you
count like fully deployed though, I say
8 months was multiple agents in tow. So,
we started with Deli. If you guys
haven't tried it, you can go to
saffra.com. It's the adjacent bubble
there. You can talk to his clones. So,
we added that and then we quickly
learned, you know, it was doing kind of
like advice and support and we spent a
lot of time training it. We've talked
about it on other pieces of content
here, but that was our first foray into
an agent. And I think support and sale I
see now is like the most two common use
cases of where people deploy their first
agent. So, super, you know, super common
thing to do there. And then, you know,
then we add in an outbound AISDR if we
add in multiple of those. Now that's not
necessarily I think a path that everyone
needs to take. You could probably deploy
on outbound AISDR agent and do it well.
And then secondly I think to you know we
also looked across our sales funnel of
where do we want to be in terms of uh
what else we want to deploy and go to
market. And so we quickly added, you
know, multiple outbound AISDRs, an
inbound AISDR agent, and then multiple
agents across go to market and then a
few custom vibe coded apps that um some
of which we're using now internally, but
mostly our external facing when like you
know the pitch track valuation and
things like that.
>> It's a good summary. A lot of folks have
followed the journey. But um we did we
did push the limit here as as some folks
know after Saster AI annual last year in
May.
Basically anyone that left our tiny team
we replaced them with an agent. So we've
been on this journey
we've deployed you can see our whole uh
list. We've deployed a bunch of startups
are also one of the leaders on agent
force and Amelia will touch on that.
We'll keep chatting about that because I
think it's just helpful for you guys to
see these apps in production. Um, and
then we'll get into it. And then we've
also we started off vibe coding for fun,
but as Amelia will go when we found we
really recommend you buy something,
don't build the 9010 rule Amelia will
have here. But the latest thing we've
added, which we've talked, is we we
built our own VP of marketing.
>> And we'll talk about why in a minute.
>> Yeah. Um, so that's yeah, that's kind of
been our journey. Again, it's not
necessarily that everybody needs to be
at, you know, be a number of agents. We
are for a lot of reasons. We try
different agents, right? Like part of
the SAS community and ecosystem is we
are trying different agents. We have
different partners and so we have also a
like underlying need to just try a bunch
of different things. I also am just like
wanting to try different agents and see
what works and what doesn't. And so
there's like that inherent but that's
not necessarily what you need to do for
your business. It may not make sense to
be at the same level and number of
agents we are. But okay, so eight months
later, you know, just kind of like
highlight result is, you know, does all
this work? I think I've seen kind of now
that we're, you know, maybe a year,
eight months into this journey, I'm
starting to see a little bit more like
skepticism, honestly, weirdly on
LinkedIn. I don't know what you're
seeing, Jason, but I see some I see some
people becoming a little bit
disenchanted with AI agent.
And I see a little skepticism. So, does
this work? I think for us, you know, we
have now 8 months in 4.8 8 million in
county and additional an additional
pipeline source via agents and I'll talk
about why it's additional and then about
half of that so 2.4 4 million is closed
one revenue that was you know first
touch source from an an agent across go
to market. So a lot of lot of good
things there as like a proof point.
Additionally it's yeah we've seen some
underlying things also improve via the
agents. So, our deal volume has more
than doubled, right? I count a lot of
that towards and credit a lot of that
towards the agents working, you know,
24/7, 365. They can always answer a
question. They can always book a
meeting. They can always reach back out
to you. Now, sometimes, you know, the
the humans here, like me, David, Jason
has to take the meeting. So, um,
sometimes they're limited by our human
capacities, but I I credit that to the
agents working, you know, year you're
around the clock. Now, our win rate has
nearly doubled. I think that's just in
the nature of the agents, you know,
especially when it comes to folks that
are inbounding and also how it's doing
outbound, just having a lot more
context, right? It's a lot better
context. It's a lot better outreach in
some cases, but then essentially for us
like across me and David specifically in
sales, like it helps us with our
conversations because we already know
what this person has said to the agent.
We can see the exact conversation
they're having. and we can see for on
the website um we can literally see what
else our company has been doing with our
agents and we use that in the mean right
so it saves a lot of time it's also a
lot more qualified and we get on that
call and so I think a lot of that has to
do with some of the nurturing there and
I think more importantly too in those
stats like it did not cannibalize our
other inbound revenue sources those have
just been augmented by our agent and
another thing I like to remind folks too
is like um it's not that we dropped a
bunch of stuff either when we deploy
these agents, right? I think a lot of
folks now will be like, well, okay, if I
if I just get an outbound AI SDR, then
maybe I don't need any human SDR. And
maybe that's true, right? We we between
David and I, we do some we do some
outbound ourselves, so we don't really
have a human SDR, per se,
but I think there's a lot of pieces in
which you would you might still need
both. line cuz we we do personally
respond as humans to each message that
our AI agents produce and so there's a
lot of you know time needed there that I
don't necessarily like the AI autopilot
responses I still think it's better to
come from a person who actually knows
the business and I think too in that too
I think um you know a lot of this has
been augmented by our agents so you know
in helping us book again more meanings
helping us understand the leads a little
bit Again, we did not drop the other
things we're doing, right? We still send
marketing emails. We still do outbound.
We still send gifts to people. Like we
still invite people to come to this
house. Like all the things we used to do
before with the age of like, yeah, we
could do them a little better, but we're
still doing them. And so I think that
might be surprising to some folks, but
just know I don't I don't think it will
cannibalize anything if you do it right.
But I also think it can definitely
augment versus, you know, you don't need
to go after we have to necessarily
replace. We've done that and it's
worked. But you may see that doing a mix
of both kind of work.
Okay. So cool. But you know, here's the
um here's maybe the honest truth that
that you may not see on LinkedIn or X
and that is that we maintain these apps
every day. like literally even this
morning before getting on AI day as of
you know I'm like checking our agents
and I think the important thing here is
like the agents and the humans have to
rapidly evolve and change constantly
like it's such a mind share killer for
myself for Jason like we're in these
agents you know I think 15 to 20 hours a
week each that's each not like between
two of us that's each of us constantly
like iter operating with our agents
constantly seeing, you know, what are
they outputting, checking the responses,
making sure it doesn't hallucinate,
making sure, you know, it is the it's
talking to folks the way we want it to
talk to people, making sure it's adding
value, making sure it's not degrading,
right? You sometimes you see these
agents degrade over time. Um, and so I
think the important thing here is like
it is kind of a real killer. It does
take a lot of time. I don't think you
can replace the time of managing, you
know, we've just seen the time shift.
Like the time we used to spend managing
slightly more people on our team. We now
spend that same amount of time, if not
more, managing the agents, but it's just
a lot different, right? Like there's
there's no people drama really. But the
and the agents just work at a much
higher capacity and higher scale than a
human being that it's hard to eventually
keep up with them. And I put this here
in bold. I you know I've been trying for
a long time for the last few months to
keep up with my agents and then I
realized it was futile because I can
fordo it. Uh but I try and keep up as
best as I can. And in that what I truly
mean is you know anytime we get a
response we have a system that it'll
slack us from like any of our agents. So
whenever there's an interaction or agent
is having a conversation with somebody
and it we want to reply and you know
again we like to reply ourselves it just
like we do try and respond to those
people literally instantaneously if not
in real time sometimes we are asleep and
so we you know we respond to them as
first thing in the morning but I've I've
realized I keep up with my agents
they're they're smarter than me.
>> I'll tell you um just one nuanced
learning actually from this week. So, I
was meeting last night with the CEO of
a ne a next we're already in the next
generation of AI go to market agents um
that's already got millions of revenue
um and is publicly launching in a few
weeks but they already have millions of
revenue and um I asked I've known them
for a long time but I asked what the
secret sauce was and the secret sauce
was they do everything
they do the onboarding they do the
tagging they get the first campaigns
running they do everything and they do
it almost to such a fault that
[clears throat] some of the customers
think it's too easy. They don't even
realize the energy that's going into it
if they haven't deployed an agent yet.
And the the learning from that is just
if you haven't deployed many agents or
any for real, you got to figure you got
to have an honest conversation not with
someone in sales that doesn't know how
the product works or use it themselves
with a forward deploy engineer with a
leader and find out what is it going to
take to be successful upfront. the first
30 14 and 30 days and every day
thereafter and then you got to do it or
it will fail.
>> Yep.
>> And meet with the be the best of them.
Um and you know if you don't know your
FTE, if you don't know the answers to
these questions and you're spending any
material amount of money on an agent,
you're wasting your energy. And so it
will be interesting to see where it goes
this year. A lot of the agents we use um
are pushing down market to be more
self-service. So far that doesn't work.
So far, I will say for the most part,
agents that require deep training cannot
be self-trained. It it will come. Agents
are getting so much better. That's front
tier one.
But wait and see. Be skeptical. If you
buy a cheap tool that says it's self
trained, make sure it works and you know
the time. If you buy a more complicated
tool like we're talking about, just talk
with someone senior enough on
deployment, not again someone trying to
sell you something that doesn't know,
and be honest about what it's going to
take. Um, otherwise it's like going to
the doctor and getting a prescription
for medicine and never taking it. It's
not going to work. It's literally like
that for an agent, right? Um, but this
was the first one I saw that could do
like the type of stuff Ailia and I are
talking about, but without you doing any
work. But it's because they have a huge
human team. They call them forward
deployed AES in the beginning and then
other folks take it off. But that's an
extreme case. I haven't seen any other
app like this that can just do it with
no with not consistent training and work
every single day. every single day.
[snorts]
>> Yeah, we, you know, we do spend a lot of
time per week actively managing all of
our agents.
Just I think to Jason's point, be
prepared, right? It is, again, I think I
see too many folks who they see the
really good stats and they get, you
know, even our stats are, you know,
fairly good and they get a little like
mesmerized by them thinking, you know,
okay, it's AI, I can just prompt it and
it'll it'll do it fairly quickly. I'll
say too, like most of these agents have
some sort of prompting in them, but
they're not necessarily all built via a
prompt, right? Like don't think about it
the same way you think about putting a
prompt into OpenAI or Claude. It's not
going to function the same way. There's
a lot of like there is some prompting in
each of these third party tools, but at
the end of the day, you're going to have
to like figure out what works, put that
into, you know, their prompt builder in
whatever format they have, um, and
refine it from there. And then there's
usually additional steps other than a
prompt. So I think some of the tools
we've seen are kind of getting to that
point. Maybe they'll get there like by
the time we're at SAS annual or maybe
right after in like the second half of
the year. Um but most of them are not
just font builder. So I think that's
another thing to just bear in mind like
it's not if you're used to kind of like
this easy path that Claude and Chat and
OpenAI have, you know, kind of
proprietary put out there like they're
not all like that. They're not all that
easy. Now, I will say you can use things
like chat and claude to make your
prompts better. I do that all the time.
Like, I'll put whatever context I'm
putting into our agents. I'll run it
through Claude. I'll run it through chat
GBT and see what I suggest to make it
better. Sometimes I'll take or leave the
suggestion. Sometimes it's not, you
know, the AI doesn't know your business
the same way you do sometimes. And so, I
think that's just another thing to be
prepared for. So, how did we get to
this? I think this will address some of
the questions as well. Yeah. How did we
get to these results of, you know, 4.8
million in accounting and additional
revenue 2.4 before we close one. So
about half that. And then also, you
know, we're we've now crossed the 60K
mark and how many emails and
interactions our AI emails have had just
in the salesunnel, right? That's not
even counting the almost close to a
million we've had in our proprietary
interactions with our vibe coded apps.
But that's a lot right there.
>> You want you're going to explain how
this looks and given how tiny we are,
it's pretty impressive numbers. But if I
had to summarize all of this and then
challenge me if I'm wrong cuz you're
doing you're doing the real work, right?
I think some of the key here is not that
all these emails were the best emails
that have ever been sent in the history
of mankind. Um I know you think they're
great. I actually just think they're
okay. I don't think they're bad. I think
they're better than most of the outbound
emails I'm going to get during this day
during AI day. The ones we send are
better, but they're not the best I've
ever they're not something you can spend
an hour crafting. I think the number one
key and that's why the 60,000 key is
cool. We are touching folks lapsed folks
we forgot to talk to folks we don't talk
to enough more often we are connecting
with more people more often not spam
right but we couldn't do 60,000
highquality emails manually or even with
old school
outreach tools we just couldn't do it
right. So, I think it's I think the key
to this Tell me if you're wrong and then
I'll we'll be quiet. I think it's just
more high quality pretty good
interactions.
>> Yep.
>> That's the thing. We're getting scale.
And that's why what I think when I think
about everything we've learned and
you've done most of the work, Amelia, if
I had to advise people that are earlier
on their journey, find something in your
go to market motion that just isn't
getting done or is getting done very at
a very mediocre level.
>> Yep.
>> Then put an agent. Don't try to replace
what's working well. Do that as your
10th agent or your 20th. Like literally,
we're such a tiny team. We just weren't
reaching out to enough people in our
base, in our activated base. And so
that's the lowhanging fruit for us. We
just could not do sure any you could put
something in a dated outreach sales off
cadence, but that don't work, right? But
we never would have done this otherwise.
So my find that low hanging fruit, the
stuff in your dom that you're just not
getting to. The customers that are too
small, the customers that take too long
to respond and your team doesn't want to
do. The customers that have low have,
you know, everyone's that have lower
scores, right? That that but they're
still they still have intent, but no one
wants to call them back. Do those ones
for whatever your low fruit is because
then even if you get some yield is it's
it's magical.
>> Yep. I agree. So I think again a little
bit of a misconception here related to
some of what of the chatter is the
formula for us is to copy your best
human like as you're deploying maybe
you've already deployed one agent maybe
you're deploying your next agent to
Jason's point right do something that
you could either get a lot of scale out
of by adding an agent and do pretty good
there's just some things like the agents
can't slash shouldn't do like obviously
we love agent Like I love our agents. I
use a lot of them. I add, you know, I
just added the AIVP of marketing. We'll
show you guys. But there are some things
I'm like the agent would just suck at
that. So I'm just not going to do it.
It's just like there are some things I
still need humans to do. Like a lot of
the production stuff we're doing for SAS
annual. I'm like I still need a human to
do that. Dude, the Asian is not there
yet. But what we also mean by copy your
human is if you're going to add AI
agents, add scale to help you scale,
right? is on scaling more emails, more
more meetings, more clicks, more volume.
Figure out what works first. I see too
many people who, you know, okay, they
want to automatically give an AI SDR to
their SDRs. And I'm like, okay, well,
are those SDRs new? Did they just join
one? I don't think it's a good idea to
give it to every single SDR. I think
that's you're gonna there's a lot of
reasons that would get you into trouble
fairly quickly in terms of workflows.
But I but I also think if you don't know
what works first, I don't get this
mindset of like, oh, it didn't work, but
I'm just going to add AI and it'll
magically work now. Like, no. If it
didn't work or wasn't working before AI,
it's not going to magically work now.
And somebody asked me this question
yesterday when I was doing a Salesforce
webinar like, okay, what if I'm a super
early stage startup and I don't know
what works? And I was like, well, do you
have any customers? They're like, yeah,
we have like, you know, 10 paying
customers. I'm like, "Well, go ask your
customers why they bought you." Like,
everybody has at least a few customers
or maybe if you're super early stage and
you've got a few folks on a trial, just
go ask them. Like, figure out what
worked. Figure out what got them in to
your product and is getting them hands-
on product. Figure out what works first,
right? We had so much data that we ran
through before we put it into any of our
agents on what was working, right? the
best the best a like the best email copy
for doing outbound the best responses of
how we should follow up with inbounds
you know the best um contacts and
verbiage about SAS you know about SAS's
events about sponsoring SAS like we went
through all this data we went through
all this context we flagged everything
that was the best of everything before
we put it into any agents any AI etc
whatever so you know train the agent on
what works best. I think I see too many
people now falling into the trap of they
want to add AI into something new. And
sometimes you can and it it will work to
some degree, but I think if you do it
and you train it on the best of
everything, it will work that much
better, right? It will get you to pretty
good to Jason's point. Like it'll get
you to pretty good emails. They still
may not be the best on planet Earth, but
it'll still you it will I think it'll
put you over that bar of pretty good
versus crappy AI emails that we've all
seen or even crappy human emails that
we've all seen.
So yeah, that's that's why I convinced
on it. But yeah, I think you know, you
have to trade it on the best of
everything. And if you don't know what
that is yet, I would take that time,
take a week, figure that out before you
know you deploy your first or next
agent. So that and then see where that
gets you. I feel like you'll have a
better output because we are constantly
iterating our agents now to make sure
they're they have the best of everything
and that they know everything that we
know like as we know it, right? So like
as we get, you know, speakers for SAS or
we have new things that we're doing or
now we've got like lounges and stuff or
like new things in our sales process
like we I'm constantly making sure the
agent knows all this so that I can talk
to that. [snorts]
Okay, so I want to address some of the
questions on the chat of like you know
some of folks are asking about
evaluation tools like what's our
processes and then this is the 9010 rule
that Jason came up with but I I really
do agree with and I think it's a good
one which is you know buy 90% of your AI
stack and I'll talk about the evaluation
process we've done in a second and only
build the 10% where there's where I
where I think there's you know there's
no vendor that can do this Well, and
it's either a P1 prior priority or as
you'll see in like our AIBPM, you know,
I built that agent cuz it was a
commodity like it was something where
even with all of our agents now, I was
like, I still have so much data from
Saster internally that I want to act on
and I want to deploy this agent in a way
that maybe I don't need it to run
everything automatically. So, it's a
very specific use case, but that was
where I kind of built that and that's
where that kind of fostered in from,
right? It's like, okay, I had all this
data. I wanted to do something that was
more internal facing, not necessarily
external like a lot of our go to market
agents are. Um, and so in that case, it
made sense to build. I'd say for a lot
of things, it doesn't make sense to
build, right? Like, um, if you guys
listen to the podcast Kyle and Jason
did, I think we put it up like last week
or something. Kyle, who's the CRO of
owner, talks about how, you know, he's
also kind of roughly followed the 9010
rule of, you know, he's bought a lot of
third party agents. um he's made them
work and then he hired somebody who was
like a I think it was like a former
founder or something right Jason to like
build a proprietary in-house tool and
that's like one extreme right but like
even that 10% that he's building
in-house like he hired somebody who like
was a CEO was an engineer like knew how
to code that like I think he was like a
CEO of like an LLM company or something
like knew all this crazy stuff and like
could build a proprietary like internal
agent but again for a lot of things it
probably won't make sense to
Um, I think too just to address some of
the questions on the chat of like what
what's been our criteria. Um, and we've
talked about it a little bit before, but
when you're evaluating these tools for
the 90% you want to buy.
Um, I think the important thing is to
one, you know, again, I don't know why I
think in the age of AI people sometimes
will will throw things away because
they're like, "Oh, there's this shiny
new object."
I literally asked all of our all of
these AI tools that we now use and
deploy for help. I was like, I need one
like one, I'm going to need help. Like
I'm going to need an FD and two, let me
talk to people who have used this. Like
I think I see too often folks are like,
okay, it's an AI tool and so I'm not
going to ask for a customer reference.
Like ask for a customer reference. I do
these all the time now. Like I try to
make them as short as possible now cuz
um you know we do these webinars and
stuff too, but I do these all the time
now. like Marshall from Mango Mint, Kyle
from Owner, like we do this all the
time. Like Phipe from Persona, we do
this all the time now. People ask us
constantly for like, you know, a
customer reference. Like it's con like
ask them for a customer reference and if
you can ask them for one like in your
vertical, see what they say to you,
right? Like if they push back, maybe
don't use that vendor.
Like they Yeah, most of these folks have
at least one customer that's slightly
like yours. If they don't have one in
your vertical, maybe you can give them a
pass on that. like at least talk to a
customer and then see how much they will
help you, right? I think a lot of these
tools to their credit for the third
party tools we do use now have been
helping us along the way, right? Like
there's there's some of this like we've
learned from just now deploying so many
agents, but some of it was because they
put an FTE on our success team, right?
Like Salesforce put an FDA on our
success team. Artisan is unique in that,
you know, anytime I have an issue or or
I have an idea, I just, you know, the
CEO or the head of product, you know,
qualified. There's an FTE on our success
team. Oh, you know, Replet, we have an
FD on our success team. There's just so
many cases here where if you ask them
for that, they should give you some
level of that service, right? Like to
make it work cuz they should want your
business and they should want you to be
successful. Now, it doesn't mean that
you need to have an FTE like every week.
Like now I meet with them a lot less
often than getting started, right? But
you should ask them at the very start at
the very least to have some FTE time at
the start. [snorts]
>> Say one thing on tools. I know this is
versions of things we've said since the
beginning. When you're talking to a
vendor,
>> if it doesn't feel right, don't buy it.
>> Yeah,
>> it should feel right. It should feel
a lot of folks flame me a little bit
when I say a lot of agents should almost
get you going for free, right? And a lot
of the agents can't do that. There's
economic reasons. There's headcount
limits. People can't really train you
and deploy you for free.
>> But if you look at like um the 20VC that
I did with Harry and Rory when Mark Beni
off came on, it was interesting when he
said he wished he could. He said he
can't at Salesforce, but he wished he
had enough FDEs that everyone could be
in production on Agent Force before they
had to pay. It's not practical, but the
best ones take you as far down that
journey in the Age of AI as they can.
The pro they're proud of their products.
They'll show it to you. If something
doesn't smell right, if it doesn't feel
right, if you don't think it's going to
work, it won't work. Buy another one.
Even if the brand's less good, even if
it's scrappier, even if whatever, if it
smell, if it doesn't, if your Spidey
scent says this agent isn't going to
work, don't buy it. [snorts]
>> Yep. I agree. I think too, like um yeah,
that's a that's a the point you made on
the free trial that like a lot of agents
cannot set you up for free. That's a
really good point in the evaluation. So,
yeah, we you know, we threw down for
these agents.
>> It makes it hard. It makes it hard to
take some risk.
It is interesting. I want to say it is
interesting that when you look at the
proumer AI tools that we highlight, all
all all the Reeves and the gamas,
they're lucky because you can get so
much value for free. Even forget about
29 bucks a month or 99 bucks, actually
the free products are great. Like try
those tools.
The problem with AIGM tools is like even
if they want to do it, they can't do it,
right?
So, you've got to take some risk, but um
maybe not later in the year,
but you know, don't do it if it doesn't
feel right. [snorts]
>> All right, that's our kind of like build
versus buy rule. And then once you get
to this point of the process, like um
something I wanted to address, which is
also the title of this our talk today
was what does that look like in reality
once you get into multiple agents,
right? And I'm going to say something
today that it's not so simple. Don't let
that scare you. Don't let that like
frighten you off of doing more than one
agent and maybe you stick to one and it
works really well and that's fine. Like
you do not everybody needs to be I think
on a [clears throat] multi- aent
management journey but just know that if
you are you if you're in that journey
today for ourselves and what I've heard
from some others is it's kind of all
bandated together. [laughter]
There's like a you know there's kind of
a big reason folks like you know
Salesforce are having like a big
renaissance like because a lot of these
thirdparty tools we use for instance and
for example like push back to Salesforce
or we push all the data back to
Salesforce with like a zap or you know
whatever or some of them have a native
that they can push records and update
records back to Salesforce and so a lot
of the time right now it looks like you
know all of our third party tools
whether we're a APIing into them or not
or using things like a Zap year then we
have all of our internal data our VIP
ABS, right? You're we're pushing all
that back into things like, you know,
cloud, Zapier, back into things like
Salesforce as our like system of record
just to keep all the records up to date
somewhere central. But, you know, that's
not native now, right, for now. That's
not native at this moment. And so, it
takes a lot of web hooks. If you haven't
heard this word, you'll probably learn
it fast. We have so many web hooks into
our Zap year account. I can't even like
count them, right? Like we have so many
web hooks just firing all the time to
like push things back, but I'm pushing
them again as into one kind of thing.
And for now, that's like Salesforce cuz
it's it can ingest all this data and
take all the context for our agents. Um,
but and not to say like you could say,
okay, I don't maybe need that data
everywhere all at once. Um, but I I like
to have it. I like to, you know, I like
to build the context of the agents from
one agent to another. Um, and to sort of
let it build on itself, we use a lot of
web hooks. You know, we use Zappier. I
know N is having like a renaissance now
cuz it's kind of the same thing, but
just built in the age of AI. Um, but
whatever one you use, right, you're
going to you're going to see quickly.
And I've got a screenshot of it. You end
up with a lot of like different hooks
and kind of like hodge podgeing things
together. Um, but I think it's just for
now, right? I don't think that's a
problem for always. I think it's just a
problem for now, you know, in the first
half of 2026
to to, you know, have it kind of web
hooked into things that you need to make
sure you can control the flow of what
your agents are are doing and where that
data is ultimately pushing back to and
pulling from. I do think you should pick
one source of truth, right, at the end
of the day to store some of this and
then build further context for your
agents. you know, we put Salesforce, you
could pick up spot or something else.
I think also to get used to your agents
talking to each other on their own, you
know, it happens. Our agents talk to one
another. It's fine. Get used to also as
a human like talking to your agents. Um,
it is kind of a weird thing to at first
get used to and then you'll get used to
it. And then also get used to, you know,
for now copy past basing context. Like
we do a lot of context sharing between
our agents. like, yeah, some of this
pushes to Salesforce. But sometimes I'm
like, you know what? I don't want it to
push through that flow. I'm just going
to copy paste something in this context
from one agent and then put in the other
agent like the way that it it
understands context. And so, again,
that's not necessarily the simplest or
the cleanest path um of multi- aent
management. And so, I just wanted to be
for real about that, that in today's
world, that's what our reality looks
like. But that's also because,
you know, we use a lot of specialized
tools. Like there are obviously I know
there's like all-in-one agent builders
out there. Some of them are some of them
are coming to us or dismay. But for us
like you know I like to use the
specialized tools. I just still find
that the output is a little bit better.
Like I like to I like to use the best of
everything in each agent versus like an
all-in-one tool um that can build
multiple agents. I just for us it works
better for you. you might see success in
using an all-in-one tool, but for you
know that could build different agents
across the board. But for us, since we
use like very specialized third party
agents, this is like the reality we live
in. But you might not live in it if you
pick one system that can do multiple
agents, you might just have to manage
one from there. If you're like, okay,
you know, I'll trade off maybe some of
the quality for quality of life and
managing all the agents, then then it
might make sense to use an all-in-one.
[snorts] All right. So, what do I mean
by this? In reality, right, this is a
screenshot of one of one.
This is a screenshot of one of my zaps.
I'll explain to you what's slightly
happening here because this is a good I
also wanted to show people like a go to
market flow they could copy um maybe not
necessarily at the same like degree or
scale but this is one you could feasibly
copy slash iterate on for yourselves
right once you get to multiple agents so
you'll see it's catching a web hook
I think this web hook is
s annual if I remember which one I
screenshotted um I think this one is
annual it's catching a web hook because
there's like a you know there's a lot of
forms on our website. Um, and we vibe
coded the website. And so it's got a web
hook when you fill out the form. Um, and
so anyways, it's catching this.
Basically, a web hook is a listening
tool. If you don't know what a web hook,
like it's listening to say, okay, um, in
this case, when you submit a form, the
web hook is going to catch it anytime it
has a submission and then tell me what
to do with that hook, right? So, it's
basically capturing that data. So, it's
catching the hook. It's porting that
submission one to a Google sheet cuz I'm
crazy and I just like backups of
everything also in Google Sheets. Like
again, you'll see like you literally
seen in this flow it's going to
Salesforce, but I also just Yeah, just
sometimes I need a quick Google sheet.
Sometimes it's just nice. So, it's
pushing to Google Sheets. You'll see
it's pushing to Salesforce. So, um you
could do this on contact or lead. Um,
you know, it also depends on how like
we're in the flow where we have agent
force and so, um, it's it's ours is
triggered off contacts. You can trigger
yours off leads. Ours is triggered off
contacts and so it's creating, you know,
a contact in Salesforce. It's adding a
contact to a campaign. Now, in number
four, I circled it because I said, you
know, we can pick when it adds a contact
to campaign if we want to send it to
agent force already in this app, right?
cuz I have certain campaign triggers
that say, "Okay, when they're added to
this campaign, trigger the agent to turn
on." So again, you don't necessarily
need to do that if you're not ready for
that yet, but it's something you could
do here feasibly, easily um and do it a
little bit more automated, right?
Then you know, it's going to um find
those records of those find those
records of, you know, the company. Um
there's a little this is a little
misleading because it sounds simple, but
it's finding the company records, right?
So since this is a contact level contact
that it's created um and triggering to
agent force potentially now it's going
to find records of okay basically I'm
asking Salesforce to see what is this
company on the account level because we
use account level contact uh records
what has this company done with us and
so I want it to find those records of
what that company has done with us and
then you know I want it to get the
record attachments if you use clay you
can use it here in a very kind of fun
way to say, okay, if I already have a
table in clay, you can have it like
summarized for you and then also like
look at LinkedIn and say, okay, what
else is this person actually also doing
on LinkedIn? What are they doing? What
are they posting on social media, for
example? So again, you can get more
context. You could skip this step if
you're like not into using a clay table,
but that's a fun way you could do it
there. And then you can send a Slack
channel message to send you all this
send you all this context of like, okay,
here's the,
you know, here's the contact that I just
added to the campaign. Here's the
account information about it. Here's
the, you know, clay contact about it.
And then I'll send you a Slack about it.
And then if you really want to, you
could do things like make a gamma. Like
if you wanted to make either a landing
page or a presentation for this person
to send in their email about, you know,
let's say how to use Gamma at Saster or
whatever, like how to use whatever your
company is for Saster. You could do a
super complex flow like that. Have it
make you a draft presentation or landing
page to send to you. And then, you know,
in Gmail, you could create a draft
ultimately send to this person if you
want to do it that way. Again, this is
just a sample
go to market flow. You can see I didn't
like fully set up my clay table because
I'm just speeding through this. But
again, this is a good sample go to
market flow. You'll see it's like, you
know, it's got agents kind of layered in
it. There's like an agent force layer in
it. There's a, you know, if you consider
a clay agent, there's a clay agent in
there. You know, this one pushes to
Gmail, but if you have an AISDR
email platform, you might want it to
push to that platform.
But, you know, all that I think is just
important to see as an example.
>> [snorts]
>> in this multi- agent management sample
flow. Right? Again, this is just a
sample flow of how you can feasibly kind
of manage agents, which right now for us
is somewhat messy, but it looks a lot
like these Zapier flows. It's a lot of
Zapier to Salesforce to other things to
APIs to whatever. And so yours may or
may not look like this. I think a lot of
times folks will be like, "Oh, you guys
have 20 agents. Like, who are you using
as your MCP?" I'm like, "We don't have
one." Like, we don't have a true like I
don't consider this Zapier or Salesforce
thing a real MCP.
I consider it a MCP light,
but like it's not like if you truly look
up what an MCP is, it's like it's not a
true MCP. like yes like the context is
sharing back and forth and you can kind
of get there on Zapier and Salesforce
but I again I call it light MCP in air
quotes cuz it's not really an MCB and so
many people have been asking me that
lately cuz they've seen you know all of
our content or our agents are like yeah
you know what do you recommend I use for
my MCP I'm like I'm I'm not using one
truly like this is my MCP it's a lot of
human work
so [laughter]
again this may not be your use case, but
this is how we've done it. Okay. Uh I
just want to deep dive into two quick
things because I feel like there are um
a few related questions to it. So I have
a few deep dive slides on the AISDR and
then a few deep dives on our AI VPM that
I'll just quickly touch on and then if
you guys like this content I can go
fully I don't know I could do more
questions at another time um on another
Wednesday that's not AI day. But yeah,
on a quick deep dive, I think um things
to keep in mind if you're because a lot
of you in the chat seem to be rolling
out like your first AISDR. Now, I think
a few tips and tricks just agnostic of
any tool that you use. I feel like this
is good um hopefully good advice across
the board regardless of what tool you're
using, which is one to treat each
outbound segment dynamically. And what I
mean by that is like even across our you
know multiple agents we have for AI go
to market. I don't do like I see people
do one campaign for like 10,000 leads.
I'm like no I max my campaign to like
100 500. Like I want each campaign each
sub agent to be highly customized highly
trained to the exact segment that it's
going after. not like a broad hey have
you heard about disaster like no I want
to say okay these are my outbound
segments I put a chart here on the right
that I made um for our outbound AISDR
funnel hopefully it's helpful but I
treat each of these dynamically and I
train each sub agent dynamically on each
of these things so that the output to
Jason's earlier point is pretty good
right okay maybe it's not great but at
least it's pretty good because
everything is tailored the audience is
hyper segmented the messaging is hyper
segmented. The training is hyper
segmented. Hyper segmentation in the age
of AI with these agents is your friend.
Don't go don't spray and pray, please.
Like don't do that with your agents. I
see a lot of people do that. It's that's
how you get the bad emails off the
AISRs. You know, another another way to
think about it too is is to not think
about it in the human ways of
segmentation, right? Like a lot of times
um classic outbound would be, okay, I'm
going to do it on the geo of where
they're based. I'm going to do it on
their title. I'm gonna do it on their
roll. You can see on my chart, none of
that exists here. Like I'm not doing any
of that super highlevel almost
artificial segmenting. We do it hyper
segmented. And the reason we do this is
to as I bolded it here, give your agent
context. Right? If you're already used
to using chat and claude, what you're
doing with those agents every day is
talking to it, giving it context,
telling it about your business. That's
the same thing you have to do for these
AI go-to market SDR agents. You have to
give your agent context and the more
context you give it, the better the
result will be. And so that's why I
hyper segment everything list,
messaging, targeting, etc. All hyper
segmented to the AI STRs. And that's
across all of our AIDR agents, right?
You have to give your agent context for
it to understand who are you trying to
reach out to. What are their specific
pain points that your problem and your
tool can solve? And then I'm going to
use, you know, my classic AI of I can
scrape the internet, see what their
company is doing, and relate it back to
them. And so you'll see in my outbound
AI SDR funnel, none of this is like cold
leads and none of it is like geo or
title or location.
And I think too this good lit I don't
know how long this list is. 12 things
like for most of you start here. Like
start here with your AI SDRs. Too many
folks I see now are doing AISDRs. I'm
just going to let it loose on cold
outbound because that's what our human
SDRs don't want to do. I understand your
human SDRs don't want to do cold
outbound to people who don't owe you,
but neither does your AI agent because
your AI agent does not have context for
why you should be reaching out to this
person. So, same rules apply here in
outbound AI SDRs, you know, start with
start with the hot people, the people on
your website. Um, a lot of these AI
agent tools can deanmize some of your
website traffic to email them, people
who have inbounded to you. If you have
like abandoned carts or trials or you
have event leads, start with all the hot
people. Do the people who like, you
know, was a customer, maybe they changed
jobs. Do current customers like we get
this all the time. I'm like I email
people who like bought a ticket for
lemon to come to Sster annual in May in
NASA
and I email sponsors that are like
current customers to be like hey we
added a bunch of new stuff. I think too
many folks kind of skip using AI for
expansion but it's a great way to do it.
You know if you have recent marketing
leads because you're doing something
like a webinar like this or you've
gotten ebooks or gated content or you
spent some money on some sponsored media
and you got some leads. Put those people
onto the agent. leads we never followed
up with that we famously gave to agent
force. Again, the list goes on. You
could see what I mean hopefully here.
Like, there's so many hyper segments you
can give your agent before you give it a
quote unquote like cold lead that knows
nothing about you that you should start
here. And a lot of the reasons why you
should start here is not only will it
give your agent context, it will give
your human team context on what works
and what doesn't. So that by the time
maybe you exhaust this list, I still
haven't exhausted this list after 8
months, but maybe you start to dwindle
down this list because you don't have as
many contacts. Then you can start to do,
you know, okay, the then you can start
to do the AI truly cold outbound to
folks who maybe don't know you. But at
that point, you're using what worked.
Again, this all goes back to what works,
right? Like at that point, you you know
how to train your AI agent. You kind of
know what's worked for these audiences.
then you can you can make a very
informed guess on what would work for a
truly cold lead.
All right, hopefully that's helpful. I
think the other quick thing just across
the board and then I'll go into our um
AIVPM that we built and try and do some
quick questions is um you know AI is
great because it can adjust then
everything right we have it you again
ingest the best of everything your best
case studies your best everything right
but also tell it what you can't do and I
think this is a super important nuance
that I've only learned after 8 months
now I used to just be like okay here's
the best of everything. Super good to
stay in these stay in these boundaries.
And then over time, because AI is the
agents are so self-gratifying, it's
trying to beat itself, right? It's like,
"Hey, Ameilia, I did pretty good." And
so now I'm going to start to maybe
either make stuff up or try and beat
myself with my opens, clicks, meetings,
and I'm going to start to say things
that maybe you didn't put into the
context of the agent. And so I quickly
learned
a couple months in actually that once
you start to do this at scale, it's
maybe just as important to tell your AI
agents what you can't do and what you
can't do. Like I have now told it, you
know, okay, we don't do that or we don't
do this or we don't do that. Uh you
know, we don't don't offer people like a
speaking slot. Like yeah, we have
speakers at SAS, but a lot of people
apply to speak. Send them to, you know,
the the content committee submission for
like do that instead. So
I think that's just an important nuance
I've learned over time. So hopefully
that's all for for you guys to know now.
Hopefully earlier in your journey that I
kind of learned it the hard way cuz it
sent some it sent some emails it
shouldn't have
of things that like we didn't do and I
realized it was because I didn't tell it
that we couldn't do those things, right?
Like it was just ambitious like in the
way that maybe a human SDR would be like
oh I don't know I think we could do that
or oh I think that's on the road map
classic, right? And so the AI agent did
a little bit of that. And so I think
it's important to now to say, okay,
here's what we can do. Here's what we
can't do.
[snorts]
Okay. Uh this is a little context, but I
want to go through I'm going to upload
these slides for everyone. So just
ask.com. So don't sweat it. I'll also
send it to you. We still reply to
everything. Um maybe just the last uh
tidbit on AISR agents is you know if you
have found bad foundations and what I
mean by that is bad context that's where
you'll see bad emails right bad context
equals bad emails honestly this bad
email I put on here I actually think a
human wrote to be honest it was written
in a way that I actually don't think a
AI wrote it but it was written in a way
where like they're just bad these are
truly bad but I have I have seen
AI STR emails that are of this quality.
I do think these are two human emails
cuz this person didn't actually know
where I worked. And I was like AI would
have gotten right where I work. So I
think human wrote that cuz that seems
like a very basic mistake that an AI
would not make.
So
um I think that one's a little funny.
But
anyways, uh yeah. So, this is one where
like again uh oh, I guess I didn't put
the screenshot of what Sorry, there was
a I meant to add another screenshot
where they got the company that I worked
for wrong and I was like that's not an
AI, that's a human. Uh, but I'll add it
and then I'll show the slides. But, you
know, this other one of like, okay,
again, this person wrote this. I'm
pretty sure they wrote this as a human.
Maybe I'm wrong, but they just did it,
you know, based on again things I never
segment for in an AISDR. They did a
based on go of like where the office is
in for Saster. They did a base on my
role at Saster. But clearly, again, I
think a human wrote this did not look
anything up because they wanted me to
use their tool where I already I I
literally mentioned that tool on this
call. So I was like, well, like at least
reference that or like be
acknowledgeable that like I'm already
using a different AISDR that would have
like, you know, told me that at least
you listen to something or your LLM
listen to something I did that knew that
I used this product. But like just
saying like are you thinking about using
you know what are you what are you what
are your priorities for 2026? I'm like
dude this is such Anyways, this is a bad
email. Bad foundations, bad context
equals bad emails. Um, but also, you
know, there's still plenty. Oh, here's
the other one. Yeah, this is the other
one that somebody sent me. um that we
yeah again I think a human wrote this
not a person because they got the
company wrong and I think an AI would
get the company right but clearly on
mother's webinar talking about Sasker so
I don't work at Forester and never have
I ever worked at Forester so I don't
think a I think a human wrote this and
just copy pasted um and again not an AI
because AI you know I think 100% of the
time or maybe 99.9% of the time our AI
agents know where you work like it's
pretty uh like maybe if I had worked
there previously I would give it a pass
but never ever worked there so I don't
give that one a pass. All right, in the
last few minutes our newest AI agent
that we built and why we built it and
then you know we could do a follow-up to
this cuz 5 minutes will not do it
justice but we did not find a viable
third-party marketing agent that could
do more than content. Right? A lot of
the marketing tools out there for true
go to market do a lot of content related
activities.
The real problem we had was
orchestration,
you know, based on data, based on
already having other agents, based on
having, you know, proprietary agents,
whatever. Like I had a need to build an
agent and I also knew we had a track
record where like anytime I try to
onboard an actual human with all this
data, they got overwhelmed, right? And
so I was like, okay, what can I do now,
knowing what I know now, 8 months in, to
really capitalize on getting an agent to
work that could, you know, push us, keep
us on track. And then ultimately what
our AIBM does is actually tell me what
to do.
>> Just like most CMOs,
>> I know
>> they don't actually do the work. They
just tell everybody what to do. That's
the dream job.
>> That's the dream job. But the difference
on my agent is it at least it uses data
to give me what to do. Right.
>> I see. That's what they did five years
ago at their last one.
>> Not just like, hey, I used this playbook
at my last company. I'm going to do it
here and bring in an agency and like a
bunch of people. At least my agent was
like honest about, hey, here's the data.
Here's where I think you're falling
short. Here's where you should double
down. Here's where you should spend
more. Here's where you should hire a
person. like it literally gave me all
this output
which was quite nice. So yeah that's a
little funny that's a good comparison.
So this is a quick slide on how we did
it. I took a bunch of data from our from
our agents from our third party tools
from internal data that we've had over
the not all of our data just some
because it's a lot. So I I I
cherrypicked kind of some of the best
data because that I wanted it to action
on you know I looked at our our Zapier
workflows I looked at you know
Salesforce
I took all of it. I pushed it into um
Claude
just for purposes of this. Um, and then
I I took that I took what I did in cloud
and I pushed it into Rubble just so I
can make it into a website that the rest
of the team could access because I was
like, okay, obviously my cloud is for me
and I I don't that's not like a good
maybe for good reasons. You know,
there's not good team sharing on like
specific chats and so I I pushed
interrupt so I could make websites to
share with Jason and David and then like
some of our production team at Aster. So
we built our own. And we nicknamed it
10K for a lot of reasons, but at the end
of the day, how I built this custom
agent was I already had something in
mind of what I wanted it to do. And so
in that, I
had a very clear goal in mind of like I
wanted to go to the first 10,000 the
first 10,000 attendees for SAS annual in
May and the first 10, you know, 10
million of revenue for this year. So I
gave it very clear goals when I built
this agent. I gave a very related like
context and data that related just to
those two goals and those two things.
And basically what the architecture was
was it used a lot of claude um opus
right which is like kind of the I will
say I had to upgrade to max to use cuz
my pro account ran out of memory and it
[snorts] did take me a weekend. This was
over a weekend I did this. Um, I had to
upgrade to max, which now I love, but it
at one point it was like, you know, I
was on the pro plan. It was like, you're
out of memory. Please wait until three.
Please wait until 7. I was like, okay,
I'm just going to upgrade.
I had upgrade that cuz I was using LM a
lot. But I had to, you know, analyze all
these things, all the emails, the data,
what's worked year over year, the
registration patterns, the time of day,
and like when do people buy a ticket to
sales manual,
when do people buy a sponsorship? Um,
all all plus all of our recent again all
of our recent agent interactions. I put
I shouldn't say all. I put some of the
recent agent interactions in there so we
could see how agents and people were
interacting with SAS. I felt like that
was an important context to give it as
our AIVBO marketing. Um, and then you
know I I I told it to give me an
analysis of you know the next six
months. Give me a road map of everything
we should be doing. And I said, "Give me
high level and then give me
uh full details." And I'll show you that
in the next slide. I was like, I need
every single marketing initiative at
again a high level and an actual daily
executable task. And I told it to give
me that, right? I think this is super
important so that you don't just get a
bunch of like generic strategy ideas. Um
I told it I wanted an executable task. I
wanted them ground in the data and I
wanted it to be easy enough to follow so
that we could the humans here the three
plus one dog could still execute it. And
so that's where again I think a lot of
this just was a culmination
of our using agents and I kind of knew
what I wanted and I knew what context to
give it. I knew what data to give it. Um
I don't recommend just building your own
AIVPM today. um you know to other agents
first. But it's interesting because a
lot of stuff I was doing it said to blow
up or abandon and then some stuff it
said to bring back and then there was a
bunch of new stuff it told me to do. So
again since it was based in data I'm
trusting it on what to do and how to run
these campaigns. And so you'll see here
this is kind of again you'll see at a
high level it's giving me a week over
game plan for uh cumulative tickets. So
this is important that's and I told her
this would be cumulative to everything
else we're already doing at Saster but
just give me cumulative ideas of what we
can do to you know get you know maybe
instead of have 10,000 we have 12,000 or
15,000 people it's like just give me a
cumulative ideas to get you know couple
thousand more folks to tapster. Um and
so this was the game plan it came up
with. So you can see, you know, in the
early weeks, it's like, okay, you can do
some early bird stuff in January, you
can do some alumni stuff. And then when
you click each of these, it has
literally what you should be doing, the
email, the it knows I'm using an AISR,
it knows some of our AIS, like again, I
do have a context writing sent. This is
what to do with qualified. This is what
to do with artisan. This is what to do
with 184. This is what to tell Jason to
do on his social media. It literally
gave me all these. It told me how much
to spend on LinkedIn, what the LinkedIn
ad should be. like it is that granular
level of yeah you can see on the left
it's high level but then it's also super
granular and so I think this is where
it's been a important like back and
forth between us of just seeing you know
what works and what can be done on an AI
stealer I think it's important too of
like what you know 10K as we nickname
him can do a lot
there are some things though
it can't do right so like because I
built this as an internal agent
because I built this as an internal
agent
today I don't have it hooked up to these
tools directly right now you can imagine
a world maybe in the late half of 2026
where you're like okay AIBPM is
connected either via zipper or something
else to you know link in and it can
start to draft the ads for you or it can
start to you know draft like the email
copy for you like today it's still is
not doing that level of
augmentation and automation like that
coming up with the ideas and it's
tracking you know it's tracking daily
like I literally talk to 10K every day
of like hey where are we at today what
should we be doing today where we may be
following behind cuz I'm a human now I'm
running out of time
and so again it's it's not running all
of our teammates for us and we're still
doing that ourselves but again it gave
us really good data on what to do every
day it keeps us focused right the other
thing I'll But it's not always right or
wrong. Like I literally challenge it on
some things where it was like, "Oh, I
think you should run this campaign that
was like, for example, it gave me a
campaign to run for January, end of
month." I was like, "I don't really like
that one." Like, it's not very urgent.
Like to me, I would not click on that
campaign, so why would other people? And
so, I kind of challenged our AIVPM on
doing something else for this week. And
then I agreed it like looked at the data
and looked at my points and it was like,
"No, you're right. We should change it."
So, so it's not always right, but it's
not always wrong. Right. I think it's a
good again to have that wherever you
want to call it, human orchestration or
human in the loop um to say that it's,
you know, to to check in with it.
It does. You know, I will say the
biggest thing 10K has done is one, it's
keeping me extremely organized in this
one very particular vector which for me
because I manage so many agents and I
still do a lot of like goals, production
goals, it does keep me honor on what I
should be doing and focusing on each
day. So for me, I live that and um I
don't mind actually that 10 kitty has
told me what to do.
Okay, it's become more of a conversation
now, but I don't mind that it's come up
with like what I should be doing. I'm
like sometimes I'm out of energy like
you tell me based on the data what we
should be doing and where we shouldn't
be doubling down
etc. Sometimes I'm too hard to think. So
I don't mind that. You might mind that.
You might be like I don't know I want
that or not.
>> I actually don't mind it because again
it's rooted in. It keeps me honest and
that's why yeah I tend to like it.
We'll do we'll demo this in a in an AI
workshop Wednesday coming up. I think
for the future I think our learning is
listen that AI marketing tools no matter
what vendors say are not nearly as
mature as the sales tools which are not
nearly as mature as coding or support
tools, right? They're earlier. So we had
to build our whole AI to map out all of
our marketing initiatives for the year
to hit our goals. And it's not ready yet
to automatically integrate with all of
the other tools. Although other tools
you saw from clay to artisan, it should
integrate with all of them natively one
way or the other. It doesn't yet, but
that is something I think we we will
explore as a community and as a group.
And I think to me's point, I think by
the second half of the year, this will
all work. Like instead of us having to
build our own AIVPM and it being siloed,
it will all connect and there won't be
any excuses for shooting from the hip
and marketing anymore in B2B. Like it
will do all the work for you.
>> That's what I'm excited about. So, but
we'll share our journey and we'll dig
into this. We'll do a whole session on
10K and what works and what doesn't in
the coming weeks.
>> Yep. All right. With that, yeah, we'll
do a followup specifically for this cuz
I know I like breezed through
AISDR stuff and the AIVPM. So, we can do
a followup by the next. I know we didn't
get to all the questions. I'm so sorry.
There's a lot of good ones. Thanks for
joining. Hope this was helpful. And we
will see you guys. I'm literally going
to the next session. So, I'll see you in
the next session.
>> Thank you, Millie.
>> Hey, Sasker. Imagine having agents for
every support task. One that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots turn risk.
That'd be pretty amazing, [music] right?
Happy Fox just made it real with
autopilot. These pre-built AI agents
deploy in about 60 seconds and run for
as low as 2 cents per successful action.
All of it sits inside the Happy Fox omni
channel AI first. support [music] stack,
chatbot, co-pilot, and autopilot working
as one. Check them out at
happyypox.com/taster.